feat(changelog): secret-manager-added-secret-types-are-available-on-cons 2024-07-25 (#3522)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2024/2024-07-25-secret-manager-added-secret-types-are-available-on-cons.mdx

---

> title: Secret types are available on Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Secret types are available in the Scaleway console
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #secret-manager channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-07-25
category: security-identity
product: secret-manager
---

> Secret types are now displayed on Console for better usability of Secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secret types are now displayed in the Scaleway console for better usability of Secrets.
```

> All secrets not explicitly tagged appear as opaque, but you can now decide to create new secrets of a specific type (among opaque, Username/password, Database Credential, SSH Key, Certificate, Key/Value), and secrets versions will be of the same type.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the uppercases here ( cc @nerda-codes )

> All secrets not explicitly tagged appear as opaque, but you can now decide to create new secrets of a specific type (among opaque, Username/password, Database Credential, SSH Key, Certificate, Key/Value), and secrets versions will be of the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All secrets not explicitly tagged appear as opaque, but you can now decide to create new secrets of a specific [type](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#secret-types) (among opaque, username/password, database credentials, SSH key, SSL/TLS certificate and key/value), and secrets versions will be of the same type.
```

> Read [our documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/api-cli/create-secret-with-type/) for more details on how to use types in API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read [our documentation](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/api-cli/create-secret-with-type/) for more details on how to use types in API.
```
